2022-1-13
chapter 1
粗略看了一遍，不知道英语老师这样要求的意义是什么。
review:
In this part,the novel show a ceremony for us.The four word"Tradition""Honor""Discipline""Excellence"are the Welston Academy's pillars.
The headmaster hosted thr ceremon,and expliaining  these pillars seem to be a important part.
also boys are excited or unhappy,it is really usually in such school beging party.Their parents are so happy that they put themslves into a wonderful dream ---about their successful son.
They try to make their kids understand the honor to be a student of a famous excllent school.
Also our soul man is introduced,but in the first chapter,he seem to be unfamous.But all we know,the golden is light anyway.

2022-1-14
chapter 2
尝试体味阅读之美
words:
^Pitts rolled his eyes;
^be sharp as an eagle's;
^Failure to attend required meetings will result in demerits. 
^booby prize
review:
In this part,we can see the boys' dormitory.As mentioned above, the boys are unwilling to obey the rules.
They aren't pretty goog as the gentle face.Stiff todd,easy-going Neil,Charlie and so on.It's ture that
no one will alive in such sick atomosphere.Our headmater has a talk with four new students,shows his concern.
In the last,we can guess Neil's father is so neverous that Neil's face turning white.Oh,God ,isn't a stereotype?

2022-01-15
Chapter 3
words:
^jumped to their feet
^studied their shoes
review:
Oh God,it's so broken chapter.Me.Pretty,a severe father,arranges so NOT TO DO things to our poor Neil.
Although Neil uncomfortable ,but all we know that he has not other choices.
Charile and a boy want to comfortable him,but it is not work.
We also know that Todd,is so slightly under his blight excellent elder borther.
It seem that the boys  all in the school have their own wants and disappointment.  

2022-01-16
Chapter 4
words：
^in record time：stupid
^my stomach growling :hungry
^repeating it as the boys struggled to keep up with him:as
^teach you guys
^he flew into the air:go away so fast;
^nimble young mind:agj->v
^as the boys straggled in:follow
^hard as it to believe
^squander their dream
review:
In this chapter,we follow the boys' stps,and we have chemical,math,Latin,englidh class es.
In the first two,the teachers all rigid to reqiure them,and in a way which
I hated deeply to teach students.They are fast-paced.But in English,Me.Keating
is weried but different,finishing his first class inthe Honor room.He teach a poet about how to 
alive in the time.As the poet say,a delicate follwer will be dead in the  next day.
Our life is like that.Why put our childhood dream into a squander ?

